src/mockagen/TODO.md, before:

# Mockagen

The sequencer works but is messy.
Some functions take RuleData, others Pair<'_, Rule>, others AnnotatedPairs<'_>. It's confusing.
See if you can convert Pairs<> into a simpler type like Vec<Pair<'_, Rule>> and see if you can turn
Pair<'_, Rule> into RuleData or something like it.
I want everything to have the same type signature so that the code is a little more homogenous & consistent

Alright, so I don't forget, the reason I created RuleData was to let me destructure the data using match expressions. Pair & Pairs are opaque structs and that makes them more difficult to work with.

I think I should make a struct that has the get_rules_arr_from_pairs stuff built right in.

The purpose of the Providence struct is to create annotated errors.
Hmm should I create a duplicate of the Providence struct that represents an owned copy?





What sort of type signature should I create for the evaluator?

In the last implementation, I returned a hash of functions with their names as the key.
Of course the functions that have a USING clause must accept arguments, too.
Presumably that means I'd have to order the rules by their dependencies?

In my last method, I generated and returned lambdas. That's a very functional approach.
What would it be like if I used structs this time to describe what functions to call?
Would that be simpler? Would it be faster?
I'm not confident it would be, tbh.
Although it'd definitely be easier to serialise.



I think I need to explcitly separate the match values from the assignment values.
I also need to separate out the primitive values from the higher order values.
This should make it much clearer to tell what's going on, when I'm evaluating the AST.

Commit message:

Fixed the bugs. The improved parser now works just fine

src/mockagen/TODO.md, after:

# Mockagen

`Error` shouldn't need to take a lifetime parameter. Look into cloning data until you own it.

I should look into enriching the errors that come out of the packer. At the moment I can see the providence of the error with relation to the input file, but I can't see any stack trace relating to the packer itself. Ideally I should be able to wrap the errors coming out with the name of the function that called it. Of course it seems rather silly to painstakingly re-implement such a basic language feature...

I could always throw the error and have done with it? Then again that'd reveal a lot of internal workings that the user shouldn't have to look at.


What sort of type signature should I create for the evaluator?

In the last implementation, I returned a hash of functions with their names as the key.
Of course the functions that have a USING clause must accept arguments, too.
Presumably that means I'd have to order the rules by their dependencies?

In my last method, I generated and returned lambdas. That's a very functional approach.
What would it be like if I used structs this time to describe what functions to call?
Would that be simpler? Would it be faster?
I'm not confident it would be, tbh.
Although it'd definitely be easier to serialise.



I think I need to explcitly separate the match values from the assignment values.
I also need to separate out the primitive values from the higher order values.
This should make it much clearer to tell what's going on, when I'm evaluating the AST.
